AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner (CLF-C02)
Introduction
The AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner (CLF-C02) exam is intended for individuals who
can effectively demonstrate overall knowledge of the AWS Cloud, independent of a
specific job role.
The exam also validates a candidate’s ability to complete the following tasks:
 Explain the value of the AWS Cloud.
 Understand and explain the AWS shared responsibility model.
 Understand the AWS Well-Architected Framework.
 Understand security best practices.
 Understand AWS Cloud costs, economics, and billing practices.
 Describe and position the core AWS services, including compute, network,
database, and storage services.
 Identify AWS services for common use cases.
Target candidate description
The target candidate has up to 6 months of exposure to AWS Cloud design,
implementation, and/or operations. The candidate might be in the early stages of
pursuing an AWS Cloud career or the candidate might work with people in AWS Cloud
roles.
Recommended AWS knowledge
The target candidate should have AWS knowledge in the following areas:
 AWS Cloud concepts
 Security and compliance in the AWS Cloud
 Core AWS services
 Economics of the AWS Cloud

The exam has the following content domains and weightings:
 Domain 1: Cloud Concepts (24% of scored content)
 Domain 2: Security and Compliance (30% of scored content)
 Domain 3: Cloud Technology and Services (34% of scored content)
 Domain 4: Billing, Pricing, and Support (12% of scored content)

Domain 1: Cloud Concepts
Task Statement 1.1: Define the benefits of the AWS Cloud.
Task Statement 1.2: Identify design principles of the AWS Cloud.
Task Statement 1.3: Understand the benefits of and strategies for migration to the
Task Statement 1.4: Understand concepts of cloud economics.
Domain 2: Security and Compliance
Task Statement 2.1: Understand the AWS shared responsibility model.
Task Statement 2.2: Understand AWS Cloud security, governance, and compliance
concepts.
Task Statement 2.3: Identify AWS access management capabilities.
Task Statement 2.4: Identify components and resources for security.
Domain 3: Cloud Technology and Services
Task Statement 3.1: Define methods of deploying and operating in the AWS Cloud.
Knowledge of:
Task Statement 3.2: Define the AWS global infrastructure.
Knowledge of:
Task Statement 3.3: Identify AWS compute services.
Task Statement 3.4: Identify AWS database services.
Task Statement 3.5: Identify AWS network services.
Task Statement 3.6: Identify AWS storage services.
Task Statement 3.7: Identify AWS artificial intelligence and machine learning (AI/ML)
Task Statement 3.8: Identify services from other in-scope AWS service categories.
Domain 4: Billing, Pricing, and Support
Task Statement 4.1: Compare AWS pricing models.
Task Statement 4.2: Understand resources for billing, budget, and cost management.
Task Statement 4.3: Identify AWS technical resources and AWS Support options.
